Who was Miss Xu trying to save at that time?
Of course I want to save Chi
Have any questions
Chi had his back to you
He didn't even look.
Ah!
No wonder.
He thought I was going to save Huo Chengze
Tell Chi yourself
I'll go first
Don't want to see me
Then I'm leaving.
Impossible in the middle of the night
If you are sleepy, you will sleep in the hospital.
I am wounded
Need to spend the night
There's no top gifter
The little boss said that you can't serve customers if you are injured.
You're about to lose your job
Not to please my cautious top gifter
Didn't you tell Boss Shen that you wanted to 500,000 take care of me?
You can't return it if you pack it.
Luozi regret
If you can't return it, can't you take it off?
I'm still busy protecting you
I'm afraid you'll get hurt and call over
busy
Pardon me?
I beg your pardon.
Don't say nice things a second time
Hello Shen Pang
Send me another copy of the surveillance video.